[Outlook] (tutorial) Fix ModuleNotFoundError (#3270)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/debug-desktop-using-edge-chromium.md

---

> title: Debug add-ins on Windows using Visual Studio Code and Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based)
> description: 'Learn how to debug Office Add-ins that use Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based) in VS Code.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Debug add-ins on Windows using Visual Studio Code and Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based)
description: Learn how to debug Office Add-ins that use Microsoft Edge WebView2 (Chromium-based) in VS Code.
```
